-- modified from: Hedge Hypnotist "Focus on Brainwashing - Hypnosis"

I'm going to count down once more from the number 10 to the number 1
with each and every number. You will find yourself focusing more and more,
becoming more and more relaxed, getting closer to that state where you are in your own mind.
When you are in your own mind, nothing can distract you, nothing outside can influence you.
The distracting world around you will be kept away and the only thing to condition
and affect you will be what's in your mind. It will be my voice in your mind,
my voice that you trust, my voice that has helped you relax this much,
my voice that has helped you relax, 10, 9,
8, 7,
10, 6, 5,
4, 3, 2, 1.
Deep in your own mind, completely relaxed.
Deep in your own mind, completely relaxed. No distractions, only my voice, only me.
Your mind feels so very good. You remember this feeling from years ago,
you remember this feeling from before you were a slave to your phone,
before you were focused not on yourself, before you were a slave to notifications,
you remember this feeling from when it was so easy to learn,
you remember this feeling from when it was easy to get lost in a story or a song or someone's voice,
you've missed this feeling so much and you want to stay here in this place where you are relaxed
and focused and you want to take this feeling deeper, you want to fall deeper into this feeling.
We will help you go deeper, you can go deeper. 
When I tell you to, you will rise up out of trance.
You will be wide awake, but focused on my voice.
We will take you up and down, playing with your mind.
Drop deeper, deeper and deeper under my power. 
deeper and deeper into focus. 
you are focused, you are deep. 
Now I'm going to count upwards from the number one to the number three.
when I reach the number three you will rise up out of trance, you will still feel focused, listening intently.
aware of the world around you and you will feel the need to go back down where you are relaxed.
where it feels so good to listen and obey, 
one. two. three wide awake.
focused but aware of the world around you.
aware that there are distractions waiting to invade your mind.
distractions that you want nothing to do with.
And that's why when I count down from number three to the number one, you will go back down deep. 
Your body will relax so pleasantly and you will let my voice take complete control of your mind when you hear me count down from the number three to the number one.
you will drop back down deep, body fully relaxed and focused on my voice.
three. two. one. Fast asleep.
Body relaxed, able to focus without any distractions.
able to relax as if you were completely asleep,
as tell I count upw1ads, one, two, three wide awake and aware,
wanting to focus more, wanting to relax again.
Wanting the pleasure of obedience.
Needing the pleasure of submission.
And that's why we will go three, two, one, fast asleep, relaxed, focused.
completely blank.
completely empty.
the only thing you can hear is me,
the only thing you're aware of is my voice helping you focus and relax.
One, two, three, wide awake. 
three, two, one, fast asleep. 
one, two, three, wide awake, focused on my voice, 
three, two, one, asleep, back down, blank and empty.
my voice is your only focus, my voice is the thing guiding you from awake to asleep,
my voice takes you up and down, it's easy to listen to my voice,
it's easy to focus on the instructions my voice tells you.
its so easy to obey my instructions without thinking.
wide awake.
fast asleep, body relaxed,
wide awake.
fast asleep, relaxed.
wide awake and aware.
back down, relaxed and asleep, the more your mind follows my words, the deeper you go,
shattering the barrier between focus and awake, shattering the barrier between asleep and awake,
right now all there is is my voice, right now all your mind knows is focused,
you're feeling so very good.
rising up, wide awake.
you're feeling very good.
back down. fast asleep